Fixed the broken links (#486)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you encounter any bugs with the library please file an issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-android/issues) section of the project.

> If you would like to become an active contributor to this project please follow the instructions provided in [Microsoft Azure Projects Contribution Guidelines](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to become an active contributor to this project please follow the instructions provided in [Microsoft Azure Projects Contribution Guidelines](https://opensource.microsoft.com/collaborate).
```
